Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which classmates did you consult with while working on this assignment？
I consoluted Lynne Liu, Dani Forte, Jenny Gong, and Alyssa Kang while working on this assignment. Me and Lynne shared our  pseudocode together and build the entire logic structure of the conversation class. This is very helpful because I had a better understanding of the different parts of the assignment after talking to her. I was able to quickly transform the pseudocode into actual java code. We also collaborated on finding errors. For example, we had a similar problem where our user input(number of rounds) somehow affected the number of times mirror words are replaced. We printed a lot of System.out.print() to locate the problem. It turns out that our for loop wasn't the issue and we later resolved it by implementing another scanner. I consulted with Jenny about how to make a transcript. She recommended using an arraylist which can be dynamic to add elements. I also talked to Dani about the difference between an arraylist and a regular array. All four people that I spoke with were all very nervous about this assignemnt because we were all beginners with the Java syntax. It was helpful to look up some of these syntactical details together and know how to use them. It was reassuring to me that we are going through the same "struggle with java".

- Which session(s) of TA / office hours did you attend?
I attended the Wednesday 1-2:30pm and Friday 9-10am office hours. In the first office hour, I asked a lot of preliminary questions like whether the chatbot should lead a conversation and anticipate an answer like asking for the user's name or simply give an open prompt for user to input any kind of information. In the second office hour, I wanted to avoid the excessive long if-else statements for mirroring words and adopt a nested for loop. However, I didn't know how to assign the value once an equality is detected. So Jordan told me to create two arrays that mirror with the same index. This works like a dictionary and help implement my ideas efficiently. For TA hour, I attended the sunday 7-9pm TA hour with Dakota, she helped me solve a push and pull conflict in git which allows me to push my changes to GitHub. I also attended the 7-9pm TA hour with Marta, she helped me resolve the issue of closing the scanner by simply creating the scanner outside the loop.

- What are your initial impressions of Java? 
I really like the compiler because it detects any syntaxtical error before it starts to run. I made a lot of mistakes like forgetting to put a ";" after the end of a line, not containing the code chunk properly with the {}, and not capitalizing class names. So this compiler worked really well to detect this mistakes beforehand with explicit error message. I also find it quite similar to python as we can always error checks with print statement. I was frustrated with my nested for loop because it replaced the words correctly during the first incremente and then re-replaced it back in the next increments. The code ran out without any error but it wasn't the way I am expected to be. Just like coding in python, I added a lot of print statement line by line to see where exactly the output changes. 

- Can you draw any conclusion about programming in general from the similarities or the differences between the two languages? 
Generally, both Java and python follows the same coding logic, such as loops and if-else statments but with different syntax. They both executes the codes line by line, but java runs the entire program while python runs by line. Another big difference is that Java have different class objects with different characteristics and functions(arraylist, list, and array), whereas python had function overloads which means function behaves differently depending on the objects.

- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?
It is especially important to trust your logic using the familiar techniques and ideas from python to work on this project. However, it didn't really work by looking up debugging solution online. Although I used to do that all the time with python, solution to a bug in Java is less obvious. For exampe, my outer loop was not incrementing like I expected. So I looked up stack overflow trying to resolve this issue. I tried using break and labeling my loops but it didn't improve the situation. In the end, the problem is that the .split() function didn't properly split into the array and the object splitted_userInput.length was 1 when it should be the length of the sentence, like 3. So, I didn't find Stack Overflow very helpful since the problem in my case isn't the loop itself, but the unfamiliarty with different class functions. My advice for students taking this course in the future is to believe in your logic and coding skill and trust your judgment over the solution online.

